#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass ../layouts/lyx/quantumarticle
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Template demonstrating the quantumarticle class
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Lidia del Rio
\end_layout

\begin_layout Affiliation
Institute for Theoretical Physics, ETH Zurich, Switzerland
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Christian Gogolin
\end_layout

\begin_layout Affiliation
ICFO-Institut de Ciencies Fotoniques, The Barcelona Institute of Science
 and Technology, 08860 Castelldefels (Barcelona), Spain
\end_layout

\begin_layout E-Mail
latex@quantum-journal.org
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Marcus Huber
\end_layout

\begin_layout Affiliation
Institute for Quantum Optics & Quantum Information (IQOQI), Austrian Academy
 of Sciences, Boltzmanngasse 3, Vienna A-1090, Austria
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
In the standard, 
\series bold
twocolum
\series default
, layout the abstract is typeset as a bold face first paragraph.
 Quantum also supports a 
\series bold
onecolum
\series default
 layout with the abstract above the text.
 Both can be combined with the 
\series bold
titlepage
\series default
 option to obtain a format with dedicated title and abstract pages that
 are not included in the page count.
 This format can be more suitable for long articles.
 The 
\series bold
abstract
\series default
 environment can appear both before and after the 
\series bold

\backslash
maketitle
\series default
 command and calling 
\series bold

\backslash
maketitle
\series default
 is optional, as long as there is an 
\series bold
abstract
\series default
.
 Both 
\series bold
abstract
\series default
 and 
\series bold

\backslash
maketitle
\series default
 however must be placed after all other 
\series bold

\backslash
author
\series default
, 
\series bold

\backslash
affiliation
\series default
, etc.
\backslash
 commands.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the 
\series bold
twocolumn
\series default
 layout and without the 
\series bold
titlepage
\series default
 option there can be a paragraph directly following the abstract before
 the first section.
 In 
\series bold
onecolumn
\series default
 format or with a dedicated 
\series bold
titlepage
\series default
, this should be avoided.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Sectioning and equations
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:sec1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sections, subsections, subsubsections, and paragraphs should be typeset
 with the standard LaTeX commands.
 You can use use the standard commands for equations.
 For multi-line equations 
\backslash

\series bold
align
\series default
 is 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "preferable"
target "http://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/196/eqnarray-vs-align"

\end_inset

 over 
\series bold
eqnarray
\series default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{align}
E & =m\,c^{2}\label{emc}\\
a^{2}+b^{2} & =c^{2}\nonumber \\
H\,|\psi\rangle & =E\,|\psi\rangle\nonumber \\
(\openone\otimes A)\,(B\otimes\openone) & =A\otimes B\nonumber 
\end{align}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Footnotes and References
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
